Dear Sir/Madam, 
Dear [Name], 
Hello [Name], 
Hi [Name], 
Hi Team, 
Good morning [Name], 
Good afternoon [Name], 

I recently read
I recently heard about  
and would like to know 
I would be interested in obtaining
I would be interested in receiving
I received your address from
Thank you for taking the time to write to us.
Thank you for taking the time to give us some feedback 
Thank you for your email on [date]. 
It's [Name] from [Company].
Congratulations on your anniversary!
Congratulations on your promotion!	
Hope you’re having a great [day of week]! 
Hope you’re feeling great! 

I wanted to tell you that
I am writing to tell you about
I’m writing to tell you that
This email is to confirm that
We’re sending you this email because
In this email we wanted to tell you about
In this email we wanted to give you information about
We are writing to 
We wish to inform you of
I'm writing concerning
I'm writing with regard to
I'm writing about
Just a short email to inform you that
Just a short email to confirm
Just a short email to request
I’m writing just so you know 
I'm writing to remind you about 
I'm writing to let you know that 
This email is just to let you know that
Just a quick reminder that 
Just a quick reminder for
I would like to
I would like to inform you that
This is just to let you know that
Wanted to give you a friendly reminder that
I am contacting you for the following reason.
Just a quick email to see how you're doing.
I just wanted to let you know that

So happy we reconnected after this time. 
So glad that we’re in touch again. 
Can’t believe it’s been [time] since we last spoke! Feels like yesterday. 
Glad you’re back in our life! 
Glad to see our old friends again! 
It’s always nice to get in touch with old friends! 
Long time no see! 
Glad to hear from you again. 

I highly recommend 
Here is a copy of the information
We brought together some of the best tutorials which… 
What’s new since you left?
We’re confident you’ll see big improvements since … 
We know you’re busy but 
I know you’re busy but 
we’d hate to see you miss out on this opportunity! 
You can do so much with… 
Learn how to 
Here’s how to
We thought you might find this useful. 

Thank you for your letter of March 15
Thank you for contacting us.
In reply to your request
Thank you for your letter regarding
With reference to our telephone conversation yesterday
Further to our meeting last week
Further to our meeting last month
Further to our meeting yesterday
I would just like to confirm the main points we discussed on Tuesday. 
Further to your email on [date],
I'm writing in reply to your email on [date] about [topic]. 
In reply to your email 
I saw your advertisement on [website]. 
We understand from your email that you're interested in 
We talked last week about
We had a phone call on [date] about
It was nice to hear from you yesterday. 
I was glad to catch up yesterday. 

We would appreciate it if you would
I would be grateful if you could
Could you possibly tell us/let us have
In addition, I would like to receive
It would be helpful if you could send us
I am interested in obtaining
I am interested in receiving
I would appreciate your attention to this matter.
Please let me know what action you propose to take.
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about
Would it be possible to 
Would you mind if
I was hoping you could [do something]. 
What would you like to do next? 
Could you please send me 
Let's discuss your next step. 
Could you please 
It would be great if you could 
Would you mind having a quick chat?
I was wondering if you could…
Could you confirm these details? 
Would you like me to
a link to the article? 
I was just wondering if 
you could send me a copy
there is any news
let me know 
if you have any questions


Here are the details on

In addition, I would like to
In spite of
For example,
For instance, 
In other words, 
That's why 
Would [day of week] would work for you? 
I'm pleased to hear that 
First of all, 
There seems to be a problem with the new feature. 
Issue has been resolved. 
Here are the possible solutions: 
Which option would you like us to work on? 
What would you like us to do about  
The page is not working the way it should. 
The first solution will take about 3 days, and the second one can take up to 10 days. 
If we implement the first solution, we can have [possible problems] in the future. 
What would you like to go with? 
Which solution works best for you? 
Here's how we would like to take care of this issue. 
How would you like us to solve this issue? 
We can see [number] options. 
There are two ways to solve this. 
We've come up with a workaround for this issue. 
This solution is better, but it will take longer to implement. 
If we go with the first option, we might run into some problems with [topic] in the future. 

Could you please clarify what you would like us to do about [problem]? 
If I understood you correctly, you would like us to... 
What exactly do you mean by [word]? 
Did I hear you correctly when you said that [repeat what you think he/she said]? 
Could you please clarify when you would like us to finish this? 
When exactly are you expecting to have this feature? 
Could you explain what you mean by [word]? 
In other words, would you like us to...? 
I didn't quite get your point about [topic]. 
Could you be more specific? 
Could you repeat what you said about [topic]? 
Could you give us some more details on the [topic]? 

When would it be convenient for you to
Have you given any additional consideration to [topic]? 
Which option would work best for you? 
What would you like us to do next?
Would you like to 
Would you prefer to
Would you rather
How would you feel about
What do you feel is the next step? 
Is it possible to.? 
Could you? 
Check it out.
Are you considering 
I can answer all your questions 
Or if you’d rather
I’d love it if you could walk me through your project. 
If you’re interested,
we can talk about it
Come check out what’s new and get inspired! 
drop me a line
will you be at the meeting?


Could you please keep us updated on this? 
You can reserve a free consultation
just give us a call at  [number]
If you have any questions, please email or call me. 
Please feel free to contact me anytime. 
If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know. 
You can reach me at [number] 
if there's anything you'd like to discuss 
Feel free to call me. 

At the meeting on [date], we discussed 
At the meeting on [date], we talked about 
Let's discuss this at the meeting, if you don't mind. 
At our last meeting, we talked about [topic]. 
At the meeting, we agreed to 
We'd like to have a meeting about [topic] on Thursday. 
Let's have a meeting sometime this week. 
How about talking this over at a meeting?
Why don’t we talk this over at a meeting?
I'd be glad to tell you more about this at the meeting today. 
This issue came up at the meeting we had on Friday. 
Let's have a meeting to discuss this issue. 
I've set up a meeting for [date] at [time] 
Here's the link. 

We are quite willing to help.
Our company would be pleased to to work with you. 
If there's anything I can help you with, just let me know. 
We would be happy to help. 
Would you like us to help you ? 

Thank you for your consideration. 
I appreciate that you  
Thanks for taking the time to give us your feedback.
Thank you for writing.
Thank you for your email. 
Thank you for writing to us.
Thanks a lot for everything. 
Thank you for your time. 
Thank you very much for 
Many thanks for your help.
You're so helpful. 
That's really thoughtful of you. 
I really appreciate your help. 
Thank you for your patience.
It was really great of you to 
Thank you for clearing this up. 
Thank you for helping us in this matter. 

We are pleased to announce that 
We are pleased to inform you that
We have some good news for you.
It is my pleasure to let you know that 
I'm glad to tell you that
I just wanted to let you know that... 
You will be pleased to learn that …/ to hear that…

We regret to inform you that
I regret to inform you that 
Unfortunately, we cannot
Unfortunately, we are unable to 
Unfortunately, we were unable to 
After careful consideration we have decided (not) to 
I'm afraid it would be impossible to  
Due to [reason], it would be impossible to  
It's against company policy to
Despite my best efforts, it has proved to be impossible to
I'm afraid I've got some bad news for you. 
Unfortunately, [news]
I'm afraid it would not be possible to
Unfortunately, I have to tell you that
I'm afraid that we can't  
That's not really possible. 
I can't see any way to 
It's out of my hands. 
I'm afraid I won't be able to
I'm sorry to tell you that 

Unfortunately, [name] is sick , so (s)he's not going to work today. 
I'm planning a vacation in June. Would that be all right with you?
We have a national holiday in our country on [date]. Therefore, our office will not be working on that date. 
I'm currently on vacation. 
If you have questions about [topic] 
please write to [Name] at [email]. 
Our company is celebrating [holiday] . 
When would it be all right for me to have a week-long vacation? 
I'm going to be on vacation on [date]. 
Today, [Name] is not feeling well, (s)he's not in the office. 
[date] is a national holiday in our country, so we will not be working on this day. 
I'm on vacation now until [finish date]. 
I will answer all emails as soon as I get back. 
If this is urgent, please contact [Name] at [email address]. 
I'm feeling a bit under the weather.
I will not be there.

We apologize for the inconvenience.
I wish to apologize for what happened .
I regret any inconvenience caused by
I apologize for the problems you've had. 
Please accept my apologies. 
Sorry for any inconveniences this situation may have caused. 
I would like to apologize for the delay
I would like to apologize for the inconvenience
Once again, I apologize for any inconveniences.
We are sorry for the delay. 
I'd like to apologize for making you wait. 
Sorry to keep you waiting. 
I'm really sorry, but
Sorry again for

Thank you for your quotation.
We are pleased to place an order with your company.
We would like to cancel our order.   
Please confirm that you've received our order.
Your order will be processed as quickly as possible.
It will take about [time] to process your order.
We can guarantee delivery before
I'd like to cancel the order I placed on [date]. 
I'd like to place an order for [product]. 
Please confirm your order. 
We're processing your order and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can. 
We've received your order.
Thank you for your order. 
Your order shouldn't take more than 2 days to arrive. 
Thank you for your order.
We're glad that you chose us to help you with this! 

I am attaching 
Please find attached ,
You will find attached,
I’ve attached the [file] for your review. 
The attached [file] contains
Could you please sign the attached form and send it back to us by [date]? 
Here’s the [file] we discussed. 
Please take a look at the attached [file]. 
Take a look at the [document] I've attached to this email. 
I've attached

If we can be of any further assistance, please let us know. 
For further details,
If you require more information,
Thank you for taking this into consideration.
We hope you are happy with this arrangement.
We look forward to a successful working relationship in the future. 
We would be very pleased to do business with your company.
We would be pleased to do business with your company.
I would be happy to have an opportunity to work with your firm.
I look forward to seeing you next week. 
Looking forward to hearing from you. 
I would appreciate your reply.
I look forward to doing business with you in the future. 
I enjoyed working with you and look forward to 
Thank you once more for your help in this matter. 
If you require any further information, please let me know. 
Looking forward to hearing from you, 
Let me know if you need any help. 
If I can help in any way, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
If there's anything I can do to help you, just drop me a line. 
Do not hesitate to contact us.
if there's anything we can help you with.
Thank you for your help.
I'd love to hear your feedback. 
Hope to hear from you soon. 
Thank you for your patience/time/cooperation. 
I'd appreciate your reply, 
Please let me know what you think. 
Thanks again, 
Thank you for taking your time, 
Let me know what you think

Happy holidays! 
Merry Christmas!
Happy Easter!
Happy new year!
Have a great weekend!

Sincerely,
Yours sincerely,
Sincerely yours,
Yours faithfully, 
Kind regards, 
Yours truly, 
Many thanks, 
Regards, 
Best regards, 
With best wishes, 
Best wishes,
Best, 
All the best, 
Thanks, 
Have a great weekend! 
Have a wonderful day! 
Have a productive day! 

set up a meeting.
what happened?
call me.
call me ASAP.
check this article out.
check this paper out.
How are you?
How have you been?
I have received your message.
proceed with your request.
proceed with your application.
I hope you had a good weekend.
I hope you had a great trip.
Hope you had a nice break.
I hope you are well.
I hope you are doing well.
I hope all is well.
Hope you're enjoying your holiday.
I hope this email finds you well.
I hope you enjoyed the event.
I'm glad we had a chance to chat at the convention.
I'm glad we had a chance to chat at the convention.
It was great to see you on [date].
It was a pleasure to meet you yesterday.
The meeting has been postponed to tommorrow.
postponed to the afternoon.
	

